Simplify comparable (#43)
coq-community/hydra-battles: doc/hydras.tex

\section{Acknowledgements}
\label{sec:orgheadline5}
    Many thanks to Yves Bertot, \'Evelyne Contejean, Jéremy Damour,   Florian Hatat,  David Ilcinkas, 

> Pascal Manoury,  Karl Palmskog, Sylvain Salvati, Alan Schmitt and Théo Zimmermann for their help on the elaboration of thislibrary and  document, and to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pascal Manoury,  Karl Palmskog, Sylvain Salvati, Alan Schmitt and Théo Zimmermann for their help on the elaboration of this library and  document, and to the
```
